well it's a beautiful morning here in
Nashville Tennessee I've got my extra
two little legs running out here and
then I got cucumbers I move my peppers
to here so my cucumbers would have
something to climb on then my peas and
then I got some squash in there and it's
already popping up and the third little
leaf coming out of the middle all kinds
of tomato plants completely full across
there gave a little room for my
blueberries to Bush out plenty of
mater's clear back here that one's going
like crazy squash is jumping up more
peas more cucumbers more peppers and I
figured out what I'm gonna plant here
yeah but my little secret for filling
this trough and that trough is just a
cloth this cloth rolled up both sides of
the quarters running from here over to
here and it only took about four hours
and it filled this trough completely
full same over here there's a cloth down
in there and I just tucked it under
there it's about hold on and 18 inches
long start about a foot longer better I
run some of it under this tub some of it
on that tub and it filled this trough
right up last night didn't run over it
only filled it exactly as high as
everything else no pumps no hoses no
nothing just a cloth running from from
one to the next he'll fill them all
exactly the same no evaporation it seems
like too bad or anything anyway that's
it that's the update for the big garden
going inside well this is Steve hall in
Nashville Tennessee sending us out to my
brother Larry Hall in Brainerd Minnesota
boy that tomato plant over there is
doubled in size in about a week
all my peas are starting to come up my
peppers are looking great already
on both sides look at that tomato plant
over there wow it's just really got
about three times its size everything's
looking terrific I got some some
cucumbers planted I got some beets
planted I've got some radishes planted
last night my squash is jumping up real
good over here but other than that I got
every single thing planned and I got to
build some more rain gutters because
this bucket rain got her gross system
thing that my brother created up Larry
Hall up in Brainerd Minnesota is
infectious once you start planting you
can't hardly stop so anyway this goes
out to my brother Larry everything is
looking fantastic thanks broski